Some updates to status page and language index page (#5204)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/_index.md

redirects: [{ from: /docs/instrumentation/*, to: ':splat' }]
---

OpenTelemetry code [instrumentation][] is supported for the languages listed in
the [Statuses and Releases](#status-and-releases) table below. Unofficial
implementations for [other languages](/docs/languages/other) are available as

> well – you can find them in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well. You can find them in the
```

[registry](http://localhost:1313/ecosystem/registry/).

For Go, .NET, PHP, Python, Java and JavaScript you can use
[zero-code solutions](/docs/zero-code) to add instrumentation to your

> application without cod changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application without code changes.
```

{{% telemetry-support-table " " %}}

> ## API References

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API references
```

> Special Interest Groups (SIGs) implementing the OpenTelemetry API & SDK in a
> specific language, als publish API references for developers. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special Interest Groups (SIGs) implementing the OpenTelemetry API and SDK in a
specific language also publish API references for developers. The following
```

references are available:

{{% apidocs %}}

{{% alert title="Tip" color="info" %}}

> Remember <https://opentelemetry.io/api-docs> to always have the list of
> available API references at hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a list of available API references at <https://opentelemetry.io/api-docs>.
```
